Name: System Code
Value: 491 points
Category: Miscellaneous 
Solves: 45 Solves
Author: Truman Kain

Description:
Follow the white rabbit.

NOTE: Bruteforce is permitted for this challenge instance if you feel it is necessary.

Press the Start button on the top-right to begin this challenge.

Solution:

1. Looking at the website that loads up we are greeted with some Matrix code and a textbox

2. When we enter a string we receive the following reply:

	a. Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.

3. There doesn't seem to be much going on on the page other than a Creidts page that links to the author's GitHub Repo

4. Looking further in DevTools we see a Config.js file, using an online Diff Tool we can try to spot differences

	a. https://www.diffchecker.com/text-compare/

5. The files are very much not the same, it looks like there was some code added in the Huntress Config, however

	a. backupGlyphsTwr: ["a", "b", "c", "d", "e", "f"], // The characters to fallback to if glyphs fail to load

6. Looking through the customization options on the GitHub, this does not appear to be a valid part of the config.

	a. Twr = The White Rabbit

7. Since brute forcing is allowed for this challenge, we'll try all permeutations of "abcdef"

	a. python make_words.py
	b. There should now be a "wordlist.txt"

	** The amount of "Matrix" themed words that I tried before this, good lord **

8. Use "solve.py" to brute force the wordlist entries back to the challenge and eventually find the flag.

(output truncated)
Trying word: bfcdea - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
Trying word: bfcead - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
Trying word: bfceda - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
Trying word: bfdace - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
Trying word: bfdaec - Response: 200 - Content: Correct! Here is your flag: flag{dc9edf4624504202eec5d3fab10bbccd}
Trying word: bfdcae - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
Trying word: bfdcea - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
Trying word: bfdeac - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
Trying word: bfdeca - Response: 200 - Content: Incorrect. You will receive the flag with the correct input.
(output truncated)

9. Flag: flag{dc9edf4624504202eec5d3fab10bbccd}